README.md, before:

# APP NAME

## 💡 Inspiration

## 💻 What it does

## ⚙️ How we built it

- React Js: For frontend
- Three.js: For 3D rendering
- DeSo: For user authentication
- GitHub: For collaboration and project planning
- Tailwind: For styling and animations

## 🤝 Most Creative Use of GitHub

We are using GitHub for the following reasons:

- **Collaboration**: GitHub makes it easy to share code with others and helps a lot in collaboration.
- **GitHub Project**: We also used GitHub for planning and keeping track of our project and its progress with the help of the [GitHub project management tool](https://github.com/Rajeta-Sarkar/hacktherunnaway/projects/1).
- **Implementing the CI/CD workflow**: GitHub makes it easy to implement the CI/CD workflow and makes the deployment process easy.
- **Deploying the project**: Deploying the project on GitHub helped us to get the project deployed on the network to be accessed by other people.
- **Using PRs and Issues**: We are doing multiple PRs and building multiple issues to keep on track of the project.

## 🔐 Best Use of DeSo

We are using DeSo to make a secure user authentication. DeSo is the first Layer 1 blockchain custom-built for decentralized social media applications.

## 🧠 Challenges we ran into

- Implementing the CI/CD workflow
- Implementing the secure payment system
- Building the fashion designer app

## 🏅 Accomplishments that we're proud of

- Completing the project in the given time frame.
- Implementing Razorpay payment system.

## 📖 What we learned

- We learned how to use the CI/CD workflow.
- We learned how to use the secure payment system.
- We learned how to work with Three.js.

## 🚀 What's next for APP NAME

- Building a mobile app
- Deploying the web app.

Commit message:

updated inspiration and what it does

README.md, after:

# APP NAME 
fireAttire

## 💡 Inspiration
The inspiration for the app comes from the diverse fasion spread all over the world where people identify themselves by their unique fasion sense and clothing. The idea behind this application is to give people the opportunity to customise their clothes according to their own fasion sense. The design of the cloth can be purchased by any user who comes to purchase from the app. 

## 💻 What it does
The application allows the users to be able to be their own designers. The app makes the customisation of the clothes easy and allows the user to save all their designs to a seperate gallery. It also allows the designs to be shared to everyv iewer and enables the purchase of the design.

## ⚙️ How we built it

- React Js: For frontend
- Three.js: For 3D rendering
- DeSo: For user authentication
- GitHub: For collaboration and project planning
- Tailwind: For styling and animations

## 🤝 Most Creative Use of GitHub

We are using GitHub for the following reasons:

- **Collaboration**: GitHub makes it easy to share code with others and helps a lot in collaboration.
- **GitHub Project**: We also used GitHub for planning and keeping track of our project and its progress with the help of the [GitHub project management tool](https://github.com/Rajeta-Sarkar/hacktherunnaway/projects/1).
- **Implementing the CI/CD workflow**: GitHub makes it easy to implement the CI/CD workflow and makes the deployment process easy.
- **Deploying the project**: Deploying the project on GitHub helped us to get the project deployed on the network to be accessed by other people.
- **Using PRs and Issues**: We are doing multiple PRs and building multiple issues to keep on track of the project.

## 🔐 Best Use of DeSo

We are using DeSo to make a secure user authentication. DeSo is the first Layer 1 blockchain custom-built for decentralized social media applications.

## 🧠 Challenges we ran into

- Implementing the CI/CD workflow
- Implementing the secure payment system
- Building the fashion designer app

## 🏅 Accomplishments that we're proud of

- Completing the project in the given time frame.
- Implementing Razorpay payment system.

## 📖 What we learned

- We learned how to use the CI/CD workflow.
- We learned how to use the secure payment system.
- We learned how to work with Three.js.

## 🚀 What's next for APP NAME

- Building a mobile app
- Deploying the web app.
